DOCS-4511 Adds Search and Manage Tests and Pipelines, CI Visibility Explorer, Search Syntax, and Facets Documentation (#18842)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/search/_index.md

The Default Branches view shows similar information to the Branches view, but applied to the default branch, and sorted by most recent. It compares the current wall time with the average default branch wall time, to give you an indication of how your test suite performance is trending over time.

Click on a row to see the analytics for tests run on the default branch, similar to examining for test run details from the Branches view.

For more information about test configuration tags, see [Test Configurations][1].

## Search for pipelines

To see your tests, navigate to [**CI** > **Pipelines**][7].

The [Pipelines page][7] shows aggregate stats for the default branch of each pipeline over the selected time frame, as well as the status of the latest pipeline execution. Use this page to see all your pipelines and get a quick view of their health. The Pipelines page shows metrics for the _default_ branch, usually named something like `main` or `prod`.

> Metrics shown include build frequency, failure rate, average duration, and 95th percentile duration. This information reveals which pipelines are high-usage and potentially high resource consumers. The last build result, duration, and last run time show you the effect of the last commit.

Author: ```suggestion
Metrics shown include build frequency, failure rate, average duration, and 95th percentile duration. This information reveals which pipelines are high-usage and potentially high resource consumers. The last build result, duration, and last runtime show you the effect of the last commit.
```

You can filter the page by pipeline name to see the pipelines you're most concerned with. Click on a pipeline that is slow or failing to dig into details that show what commit might have introduced the performance regression or build error.

## Pipeline details and branches

Click into a specific pipeline to see the _Pipeline Details_ page which provides views of the data for the pipeline you selected over a specified time frame, and can display branches other than the default.

> {{< img src="ci/pipeline_branch_overview_updated.png" alt="Details for a single pipeline" style="width:100%;">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="ci/pipeline_branch_overview_updated.png" alt="Pipeline Details page for a single pipeline" style="width:100%;">}}
```

Get insights on the selected pipeline such as total and failed executions over time, build duration percentiles, and total time spent breakdown by stage. There are also summary tables for stages and jobs so you can quickly sort them in terms of duration, percentage of overall execution time, or failure rate.

When viewing the _default_ branch for a pipeline, each stage and job summary table on the page contains a _Duration Change_ graph that visualizes the absolute and relative change in duration of stages and jobs, along with a graph of _Errored Executions_.

> {{< img src="ci/pipeline_job_summary_duration_change.png" alt="Job summary table" style="width:100%;">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="ci/pipeline_job_summary_duration_change.png" alt="Job summary table on the Pipeline Details page, for the default branch" style="width:100%;">}}
```

When viewing a feature branch for a pipeline, there are two graphs for _Errored Executions_: one for failed executions in this feature branch, and another for comparing failures in this branch to other failures. You have the option to toggle between `Other Branches` and `Specific Branch`. Selecting `Other Branches` compares failed executions in this feature branch with aggregated failures across all other branches to help you distinguish between introduced (local) execution failures and inherited (global) execution failures. Toggling to `Specific Branch` directly compares failed executions in this feature branch with failed executions in another branch of your choice to help you specifically track changes in pipeline performance.

Optionally, you can directly compare failed executions in this feature branch with failed executions in another branch of your choice.

> {{< img src="ci/pipeline_stage_summary_feature_branch.png" alt="Stage summary table" style="width:100%;">}}

Reviewer: I wasn't able to find the Staging Summary section in the demo account.

Reviewer 2: We should have both stage and job summary tables

The pipeline execution list at the bottom shows all the times that pipeline (or its stages or jobs) ran during the selected time frame, for the selected branch. Use the facets on the left side to filter the list to exactly the pipelines, stages, or jobs you want to see.

### Explore connections to services, resources, and network events

Click one of the executions to open the pipeline execution view and see the flame graph or span list for the pipeline and its stages. The _Executions (n)_ list on the left side gives you quick access to the data for each retry of the pipeline for the same commit.

Click the CI provider link (`gitlab-ci gitlab.pipeline > documentation` in the following image) to investigate the Resource, Service, or Analytics page for the pipeline, stage, or job specifically. You can also find complete tags information and links to network monitoring events.

> {{< img src="ci/ci-pipeline-execution.png" alt="Trace info for pipeline execution" style="width:100%;">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="ci/ci-pipeline-execution.png" alt="Pipeline execution view with trace info and flamegraph display" style="width:100%;">}}
```
